Andha Naal (That Day) is a 1954 Indian Tamil-language mystery-thriller film, produced by A. V. Meiyappan and directed by S. Balachander (pictured). It is the first film noir in Tamil cinema, and the first Tamil film made without songs, dancing, or stunt sequences. It is set in Madras during World War II; after a radio engineer Rajan (Sivaji Ganesan) is killed, each suspect's account points to a new suspect. The film developed from a play script that Balachander wrote, adapting the narrative style of Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon. The screenplay was written by Javar Seetharaman, and cinematography was handled by S. Maruti Rao. Released on 13 April 1954, the eve of Tamil New Year, the film was initially a commercial failure, but it was re-released after winning a Certificate of Merit in 1955 at the National Film Awards and became a box-office success. In 2013, Andha Naal was included in CNN-News18's list of the "100 Greatest Indian Films of All Time"

The Portuguese real was the unit of currency of Portugal from around 1430 to 1911. It replaced the dinheiro at the rate of 1 real for 840 dinheiros, and was itself replaced by the escudo as a result of the Republican revolution of 1910 at a rate of 1 escudo for 1,000 reis.

This picture shows a 2,400-real banknote issued as part of Portugal's second issue of paper money in 1798–99. The Portuguese text on the note's obverse (top) translates to: 'The Royal Treasury has to pay the bearer of this policy within one year of today two thousand and four hundred réis. As its representative I swear, Lisbon, 23 April 1799.' It was thus a receipt payable to the bearer of the document, rather than the original depositor. The curved cut in the scrollwork in the left margin was an early anti-counterfeiting measure; the severed portion was retained by the issuing authority and could be compared to the note when it was presented for payment. This banknote is now in the National Numismatic Collection at the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History.

India (Hindi: Bhārat), officially the Republic of India (Hindi: Bhārat Gaṇarājya),[20] is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country, and the most populous democracy in the world. Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the southwest, and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast, it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west;[e] China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the north; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east. In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia.

Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago.[21] Their long occupation, initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers, has made the region highly diverse, second only to Africa in human genetic diversity.[22] Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago, evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE.[23] By 1200 BCE, an archaic form of Sanskrit, an Indo-European language, had diffused into India from the northwest, unfolding as the language of the Rigveda, and recording the dawning of Hinduism in India.[24] The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern regions.[25] By 400 BCE, stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism,[26] and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen, proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity.[27] Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin.[28] Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity,[29] but also marked by the declining status of women,[30] and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief.[f][31] In south India, the Middle kingdoms exported Dravidian-languages scripts and religious cultures to the kingdoms of southeast Asia.[32]